chore(docs): updates release.md (#272)
ethereum-optimism/infra: RELEASE.md

# Release Process

> This document the process for releasing a new version of one or more services in the `ethereum-optimism/infra` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documents the process of releasing a new version of one or more services in the `ethereum-optimism/infra` repository.
```
